about.markdown, before:

---
layout: page
title: About
permalink: /about/
---

## Experiences
- [Bifrost AI](https://bifrost.ai) | AI Intern (Feb 2023 - May 2023)  
Gained experience in various stages of Machine Learning Operations ([MLOps](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MLOps)), including data collection, model training, and deployment. Developed internal tools for exploratory data analysis and model evaluation.

## Projects
- [BitOp!](https://github.com/shaunnope/comp_struc_1d) | *Lucid* (Apr 2022)  
With a team of 6, I recreated the game Bop It! on a field programmable gate array, synthesising knowledge of digital system architecture principles. As a bonus, the game introduces users to binary encoding and bit manipulations through a unqiue scoring system.

- [MOMOBot](https://momobot.opensutd.org/) | *ROS, OpenCV, Gatsby* (Mar 2022)  
I helped to integrate a social-distancing module built on OpenPose into a ROS-based robot, allowing it to identify groups of people from a moving camera. The robot was also equipped with a speaker to communicate with them. Additionally, I also developed the website for the project using Gatsby to showcase the project and its progress during the 2022 SUTD Open House.

## Others

I enjoy learning new languages, natural and constructed alike. Fluent in English and Mandarin, I am currently learning Japanese and Esperanto. I also enjoy various forms of sports, including badminton, bouldering, and swimming.

Commit message:

feat: update about add education section expand experiences

about.markdown, after:

---
layout: page
title: About
permalink: /about/
---

## Experiences
- [Bifrost AI](https://bifrost.ai) | AI Intern (Feb 2023 - May 2023)  
Gained experience in various stages of Machine Learning Operations ([MLOps](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MLOps)), including data collection, model training, and deployment. During my internship, I developed an internal tool for exploratory data analysis on image datasets that was subsequently integrated with the company's primary product. I also designed a performant model evaluation suite for object detection models that helped to quickly identify prominent failure cases of a model on multiple occasions, and outlined a roadmap towards a production-ready version of the project. 

- [Singapore University of Technology and Design](https://sutd.edu.sg) | Undergraduate Teaching Assistant (Sep 2021 - Apr 2022)  
I assisted faculty across multiple courses in facilitating cohort-based discussions, as well as addressing specific questions and concerns during lessons. Where required, I graded homework submissions and provided constructive feedback to students to enable effective learning.
<br><br>
Notable courses:
  - [Computational Thinking for Design](http://asd.courses.sutd.edu.sg/cdt/)
  - [Modelling and Analysis](https://smt.sutd.edu.sg/education/undergraduate/courses/10013-modelling-and-analysis)
  - [Modelling Space and Systems](https://smt.sutd.edu.sg/education/undergraduate/courses/10018-modelling-space-and-systems)

## Education
- [Singapore University of Technology and Design](https://sutd.edu.sg) | Bachelor of Engineering (Computer Science and Design) (Sep 2020 - Apr 2024)
- [Aalto University](https://aalto.fi) | Global Exchange Programme (Aug 2022 - Dec 2022)

## Projects
- [InnSight](https://github.com/shaunnope/hotelier) | *HTML/CSS, JS, ExpressJS* (Jul 2022)  
My team partnered with Ascenda Loyalty to develop a web-based hotel booking application, with an emphasis on speed, robustness, and data security. I was responsible for the development of the backend, which involved setting up a proxy to handle requests to the Ascenda Loyalty API, as well as the integration of a MongoDB database to store user data. I was also involved in the designing the layout and routing of the app, while assisting team members in implementing their designated features to ensure timely accomplishment of requirements.

- [BitOp!](https://github.com/shaunnope/comp_struc_1d) | *Lucid* (Apr 2022)  
With a team of 6, I recreated the game Bop It! on a field programmable gate array (FPGA), synthesising knowledge of digital system architecture principles. As a bonus, the game introduces users to binary encoding and bit manipulations through a unqiue scoring system. I developed the internal logic for the ALU used in the game, implementing a comprehensive testing infrastructure to ensure the correctness of computations. I was also closely involved in designing the design of the game logic, including the scoring system, as well as the implementation of the game's audio and visual feedback.

- [Teachers' Space](https://github.com/Vemrthiss/TeachersSpace) | *Java, Android* (Apr 2022)  
In a team of 4, I developed an Android application that facilitates communication between teachers, parents, and students, with a focus on privacy and ease of communication. The main features of the app include messaging, calling, and appointment booking. I implemented user searching by substring matching that enables users to quickly find other users to message, and worked on developing the rendering of messages in the chat interface.

- [MOMOBot](https://momobot.opensutd.org/) | *ROS, OpenCV, Gatsby* (Mar 2022)  
I helped to integrate a social-distancing module built on OpenPose into a ROS-based robot, allowing it to identify groups of people from a moving camera. The robot was also equipped with a speaker to communicate with them. Additionally, I also developed the website for the project using Gatsby to showcase the project and its progress during the 2022 SUTD Open House.

- [Vertuso](http://asd.courses.sutd.edu.sg/dti-teams/3-007-design-projects/cohort-2-design-projects/cohort-2-group-1/project-part-4/) | *SolidWorks* (Apr 2021)  
In a team of 5, I consolidated the results from user testing and surveys to identify chronic occupational hazards experienced by hawker stall owners. I then assisted in the design of a vertical storage system that provides stall owners with an adaptable workspace that accommodates various functions throughout the day.

## Others

I enjoy learning new languages, natural and constructed alike. Fluent in English and Mandarin, I am currently learning Japanese, Esperanto, and Go. I also enjoy various forms of sports, including badminton, bouldering, and swimming.
